README.md, before:

# IdenaPoll

Polling website built for [Idena](https://idena.io/) identities, thus guaranteeing the uniqueness of each vote.
Poll creators will be able to change vote settings (such as Human status requirement for voters) and vote weight, based on the different statuses of the Idena identities.

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.1.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

updated readme adding endpoint info

README.md, after:

# IdenaPoll

Polling website built for [Idena](https://idena.io/) identities, thus guaranteeing the uniqueness of each vote and creating sybil-resistant polls.

After logging in with an Idena Identity, any user will be able to create a public poll and customize its settings however they see fit.
The current supported poll settings include:
- Vote weight based on Idena Identity Status (_NEWBIE, VERIFIED, HUMAN_)
- Minimum Status required to vote
- Minimum account age required to vote (_in epochs_)
- Poll duration

Polls are shareable through a link and can be queried through a simple searchbar.
The most popular polls (_by number of votes_) and the most recent polls will be shown on IdenaPoll's homepage.

## Endpoint

IdenaPoll's API Endpoint can be found at https://json.idenapoll.com
IdenaPoll uses Json Server, to know more about it go to the public [Json Server Github](https://github.com/typicode/json-server).

Example API CALL to retrieve poll data: https://json.idenapoll.com/polls

## Feedback

If you want to give us feedback about IdenaPoll, or if you are a developer and want to know more about it, feel free to contact us in the Idena-Poll channel on [Idena's official Discord](https://discord.com/invite/8BusRj7)

# ANGULAR CLI INFO

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
